
##### Introduction and Section 2:
Oxymoron means what it refers to combines two opposite qualities or ideas and therefore seems impossible. As the author says in the article, nowadays, “big data is less about data that is big than it is about a capacity to search, aggregate, and cross-reference large data sets” (663). Because of the large quantity of data, raw data is just a huge set of numbers. As Bollier mentions, data is not self-explanatory. Without cooking the data, it’s impossible to meet people’s high expectations of what data can bring to us as a powerful tool. Therefore, in my opinion, Bowker says this to emphasize data can be a useful and powerful tool only when it is properly analyzed and interpreted.


##### Section 1:
Accounting tools are parts of the big data and can process or analyze data. Since the data only becomes useful after cooking, people will acquire knowledge and information based on the cooked data. Therefore, big data, including the accounting tools, can even shape the reality (not the real reality, but what people see as reality) according to how they process and analyze data. Big data then plays a critical role in shifting and determining people’s thoughts. Different ways of analyzing the data may result in different realities.

##### Section 3 and 4:
Twitter does not represent “all people” since the reality is not that everyone has one and only one twitter account. Twitter data is not a representative sample as the data is skewed, for example, the tweets are regulated and some may be deleted. Also, most people can only access part of the public tweets included in the “firehose” and they don’t know where these tweets come from. Therefore the twitter data that the researchers get may not represent all tweets. Finally, data has its context, including twitter data. When simply using twitter data generically taking no account of its context, the result of the big data will no be the reality and objectivity.

##### Section 5:
It’s definitely NOT FREE to use. The data seems to be public, but the user who posts that data only gave the public permission to see the content. The data should not be used to do anything else, including researches. However, almost every time I log into software or website, there will be a window of the privacy policy and I have to click agree if I want to continue using. By agreeing on these privacy policies, the users may unconsciously give out the right to use their data. Some websites or software use some algorithms to analyze what we post, search, or browse and based on these data customize what we can see. This kind of algorithm will lead to the filter bubble, which means the users can only see what the algorithm thinks they are interested in. The worse thing is that the users’ data may be sold to other companies. This is a more serious invasion of privacy not only because they use data for commercial purposes but also because who knows what other companies would do to these data. Therefore, the privacy of data is what we should regulate but hard to regulate.
