**Think of contemporary systems/applications in which data is used to predict the future in order to then act upon it. Compile a list of 3 such situations that come to your mind and describe them briefly.**</br>
1. Some navigation applications will use the data of past traffic conditions to predict the time it takes to reach the destination. The user can set the departure time and the predicted time will change according to different traffic conditions throughout the whole day. Also, it will give out several different routes for users. With this function, users can plan in advance when to depart. </br>
2. Stock market prediction: using historical data of stock prices, news, social media data, and other related data to predict the trend of the stock market. Investors and shareholders can make decisions based on stock market prediction.</br>
3. Weather forecast: This may be one of the most reliable and the most commonly used prediction systems around us.</br>

**Thoughts on Prediction**</br>

After reading and listening to these sources, I was thinking about several questions. Firstly, can data really predict people’s behavior? In “The Minority Report”, even with such a high-tech and accurate prediction system, it’s still hard to predict what will happen after people know the prediction. In the article “What Statistics can and can’t tell us about ourselves”, it seems that people’s behavior can be predicted at the bigger picture since there is always a constant ratio of many things. However, we can’t predict an individual’s behavior. </br>

“The Minority Report” also makes me think about how much should we rely on the prediction. In the story, people who are predicted to commit a crime will be detained before they have the opportunity simply based on the predictions that give out by the Precrime system, regardless of whether they may change what they will do in the future. The story shows how countless people may have been wrongfully arrested through the Precrime system. However, in that case, we can’t even verify if the prediction made by the Precrime system is right or wrong since they’ve already arrested these people. In reality, it’s also not rare that prediction goes wrong, for example, the prediction of arriving time made by navigation systems. Who knows whether there will be some accidents or unexpected traffic jams on the way. Who knows if you will be the outlier of the prediction. Then, if the prediction goes wrong, the plans of the users may get upset. The “chance” mentioned in “What Statistics can and can’t tell us about ourselves” may happen to anyone and “people are not well represented by the average”.</br>

The prediction may also lead to some bias on people. For example, in some insurance systems, those who are predicted to have more possibilities to have problems may need to pay more money. The worse case is that in some social welfare systems, those who are predicted to have the possibilities to seek help may be treated differently and finally fail to get the help they deserved.</br>

Therefore, in my opinion, the prediction based on data analysis, which is quite popular nowadays, can be a powerful reference, especially at the macroscopical level since some outliers may not change the collective average. However, when it comes to individuals, the collective average doesn’t work anymore. In most cases, the prediction should be the decisive and the only facto to the decisions, but it can be a powerful reference.</br>
